1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
- This infographic makes me wonder:
1a. Does location effect the type of food people prefer to eat during a breakup? For example ice cream being preferred more in areas with warmer climates.
1b. How many sources in total did you use to figure out the common post-breakup foods?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
- You can find google search trends https://trends.google.com/trends/.

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

3a. The highest peak on this chart came between February 28- March 31,2025.
3b. The lowest dip that was recorded came between November 30- December 31,2024.


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

4a. The highest peak recorded for hamburger searches came between June 30- July 31 2024. The lowest dip came between 
4b. After introducing the term "Hamburger", the search interest for milkshake decreased. The highest peak for milkshake came between February 28- March 31, 2025. The lowest dip came between November 30- December 31, 2024.

5. . Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
- The line for milkshake changed because once we included hamburger in the trend search, data suggested that more people have higher search interest in hamburgers compared to milkshakes.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

6a. I do not see a pattern between the searches because the trend lines have no correlation.
6b. The trend between breakups and milkshakes are related because the trends follow each other.


7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
- All of this suggests that there isn't much validity in the correlation with trends.


8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

8a. The top state for milkshake was Delaware.
8b. The top state for hamburger was South Carolina.


9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv
