1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
- Data.gov is a resource to obtain public datasets.

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
- There are currently 402,373 data sets.

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
- There are 50 datasets found for "Human Health". I believe that they were tagged with the Human Health category because the articles are centered around diet, food and environmental safety. The topics of these articles corelate to human health.

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
- To navigate additional datasets from the USDA you navigate the food price outlook page and you can download the JSON file or download the web page with links to excel files.


6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
- After I searched for  the City of Charlotte, there were 0 organizations that returned.

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
- After searching nutrition, this changed my results because data.gov provided datasets that highlighted where we can find nutrition assistance programs as opposed to the "food composition" search, it brung up databases with nutrient rich foods. In essence, specifying the terminology can alter your search results.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?
b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?
a- When I searched butter I found 5 links to different butters and their nutritional content.
b- After finding foundation foods, I found _____ data and the unzipped files are over 1G.


9. When you are finished, make sure your changes to Ex3B_ExploringPublicData.txt are
saved.


10. Using Git Bash, commit and push your changes to the DataAnalytics repository.